- a life of indecision. Parnas on Parnas
indecision. Parnas on Parnas - a life of
life of indecision. Parnas on Parnas - a
Parnas - a life of indecision. Parnas on
Parnas on Parnas - a life of indecision.
A family of computer systems for delivering individualized advice.
advice. A family of computer systems for delivering individualized
computer systems for delivering individualized advice. A family of
delivering individualized advice. A family of computer systems for
family of computer systems for delivering individualized advice. A
individualized advice. A family of computer systems for delivering
systems for delivering individualized advice. A family of computer
- Reexamination of the Ca-Voltage Hypothesis for Release. Release of Neurotransmitter Induced by Ca2+-Uncaging
Ca-Voltage Hypothesis for Release. Release of Neurotransmitter Induced by Ca2+-Uncaging - Reexamination of the
Ca2+-Uncaging - Reexamination of the Ca-Voltage Hypothesis for Release. Release of Neurotransmitter Induced by
Hypothesis for Release. Release of Neurotransmitter Induced by Ca2+-Uncaging - Reexamination of the Ca-Voltage
Induced by Ca2+-Uncaging - Reexamination of the Ca-Voltage Hypothesis for Release. Release of Neurotransmitter
Neurotransmitter Induced by Ca2+-Uncaging - Reexamination of the Ca-Voltage Hypothesis for Release. Release of
Reexamination of the Ca-Voltage Hypothesis for Release. Release of Neurotransmitter Induced by Ca2+-Uncaging -
Release of Neurotransmitter Induced by Ca2+-Uncaging - Reexamination of the Ca-Voltage Hypothesis for Release.
Release. Release of Neurotransmitter Induced by Ca2+-Uncaging - Reexamination of the Ca-Voltage Hypothesis for
education. Goals for software engineering student
engineering student education. Goals for software
Goals for software engineering student education.
software engineering student education. Goals for
student education. Goals for software engineering
papers. The Parnas
Parnas papers. The
The Parnas papers.
intersection matrix. On maximal isolation sets in the uniform
isolation sets in the uniform intersection matrix. On maximal
matrix. On maximal isolation sets in the uniform intersection
maximal isolation sets in the uniform intersection matrix. On
On maximal isolation sets in the uniform intersection matrix.
sets in the uniform intersection matrix. On maximal isolation
uniform intersection matrix. On maximal isolation sets in the
binary rank. Property testing of the Boolean and
Boolean and binary rank. Property testing of the
Property testing of the Boolean and binary rank.
rank. Property testing of the Boolean and binary
testing of the Boolean and binary rank. Property
An interview with Dave Parnas.
Dave Parnas. An interview with
interview with Dave Parnas. An
Parnas. An interview with Dave
approaching Parnassus. Stylometry
Parnassus. Stylometry approaching
Stylometry approaching Parnassus.
- A Careful Look. Software Structures
A Careful Look. Software Structures -
Careful Look. Software Structures - A
Look. Software Structures - A Careful
Software Structures - A Careful Look.
Structures - A Careful Look. Software
